# SeedMatchR 2.0.0

* Requires R >= 4.3.2
* Remove the requirement for GTF file. This was mainly used to map and aggregate counts across features, but most updated tx objects. report a single transcript per gene. The user can use their own code to summarize counts across multiple transcript per gene if they need to. The names in the sequences and the names in the `gene_id` column must match or there will be an error. 
* The argument `universal_set` was changed to `shared_genes` to avoid confusion. This argument will result in the intersection of featuers in the sequence database and results data frame being reported. 
* Added articles describing how to generate k-mer counts for a sequence library, and specifics of mismatches/indels in the search.
* P-values are reported according to standards mentioned in this [publication](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8005799).
* Test statistics are rounded to 3 digits when plotted.
* Use `ensembldb` objects from `AnnotationHub` instead of making them from the GTF file. There is much better coverage of meta data from the `ensembldb` objects available for filtering. This also resulted in the GTF file being generated by `load_species_anno_db` being extracted from the txdb object itself.
* Added the function `build_annotation_filter` to help create `AnnotationFilterList` objects for selecting transcripts from `ensembldb` objects. 
* Updated documentation with examples of generating annotations. 
* Added a slot for `filter` to output list of results from `load_annotations`.
* Added functions for searching with wobbles or bulges. 
* Updated statistics functions to include the `DTS` package and custom `Wasserstein` statistic. 
* Added the option to return a `data.frame` of matches or or a column that is added to the `DESEQ2` input file.
* Added the `SeedMatchLogo` function for plotting the logos around seed matches.
* Reworked the function `load_annotations`. This function now takes as input a `reference.name` that corresponds to either hg38, mm10, mm9, rnor6, and rnor7. 
* Added argument `fixed` to search functions to enable searching of ambiguous  nucleotides. 
* You can now specify custom seed definitions using the `start.pos` and `stop.pos` arguments in the `SeedMatchR` and `get_seed` functions.
* The function `load_annotations` now replaces `load_species_anno_db`. This function now returns an object with the `dna`, `gtf`, `seqs`, and `features` slots. The function has additional flags for reducing ranges and filtering for protein coding genes.
* Example data is saved to a temp directory. 

# SeedMatchR 1.0.0

* First release prepared for CRAN submission
